What!
I didn't expect Teacher Feng to be the character sister
No wonder I play with my phone in the morning
He looks so weird.
Let me try.
What are you doing in broad daylight?
Who are you?
Don't know who I am
It doesn't matter who I am
The important thing is that I have your secret
What do you say?
Since you found out, I will hide myself
It's one of your lonely eyes
I want to find someone
Please don't tell anyone
I will listen to you from now on
Hahahaha
Listen to me from now on
I'll try changing clothes.
Take two sexy pictures of me.
Are you satisfied?
A few more
Something bigger.
No, that's it for today, next time
Unexpectedly, the cold-looking teacher Feng
So wild inside
Really exciting
You old thing, how dare you lie to me?
Where did you lie? Do you have any evidence?
He obviously lied to me
You're a liar!
I just saw that ball clearly in this bowl.
It's gone when you open it.
Give me my money back
Bah, I told you to admit defeat
Go by yourself
Who do you blame? You! By the way, you dare to yell at me?
Give it here.
Hey.
You think I'm nobody?
Hahaha how about it?
Hey
Sun Yang, what are you doing?
Xiao Yang, you got it just right?
This liar cheated me out of ten thousand dollars
Come with us, oops.
Don't be ashamed.
willing to admit defeat
At most, if you lose, I will keep it for you.
Haha, that's right.
Bet one to ten
How much do you bet?
Hey
Hey, leave it here